h we've got tri-city strong hockey in
the house that's their house right
behind you there right up here tonight
for you ladies and gentlemen there were
26 Matt Johnson number 13 20 bricks
number 7 Rick Kingston number 18 Mario
the skies and number 23 buddy in
coalinga
sorry I didn't see it going there it
just happened you know these things
welcome to live july jam all right guys
what do you think about this crowd here
yeah all right now what were you to do
you know like in a hockey game somebody
calls a timeout it's closed it's 11 and
hold on a second I got points in there
sir sir could you stand out can you
stand up right yeah stand up ladies
there we got larry the cable guy in the
house right up here all right
alright in a hockey game you know it's
10 on it's closed let's calls the
timeout we're going to pull the goalie
we're going to huddle up guys we're
going to huddle up here and when we come
back we're going to have something for
you all right
okay goblet it was a good huddle because
Rick Benson has the winner of our
tri-city storm hockey jersey that you
register for over here and the number is
13 2008 again that's 13 2008 is that
Larry's friend there Larry's buddy one
alright come forward we got to figure
out what this guy's let's have a round
of applause for a hockey jersey winner
all right what is your name sir robert
Robert from here apparently he lives at
the event center so let's hear Robert
everybody all right guys okay hold on a
second we need to huddle up again come
back here
ash
all right yeah the ladies and gentlemen
gather round boys come in here mark you
can be on our team to lose on our team
are you on our team are you on deck a in
the back in the carny shirt she's
drinking a bud light are you on our team
he's on our team all right ladies and
gentlemen coming up here just a little
bit let's give a big 12 hits 106 welcome
my